Mobile Era 2017 has been announced! The 2nd edition of the biggest conference about mobile technologies in Nordics will take on **October 5-6** in Oslo.

That means that it is time to [submit a talk](http://bit.ly/mobileera17-cfp). If you are passionate about your work and want to share your experience with the largest tech audience in Norway, you knocked on the right door.

**Last year Mobile Era broke all expectations** – The audience's, the speakers', and even our own.

To keep up this year, we decided to focus on the content. **We're looking for speakers like you**, who are ready to rock the stage and deliver the best talk or workshop to our 450 attendees.

<div class="text-center">
<a href="http://bit.ly/mobileera17-cfp" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal until 21st of May</paper-button>
</a>
</div>

<br/>

Mobile Era will feature a mix of international and Norwegian speakers with a focus on the international crowd. The conference will give most space to experienced speakers but will leave some room for new speakers as well.

If you are presenting a technical or design topic within mobile, we would like to hear from you. Send us a proposal below, tweet at us, or send an email.

The conference will reimburse speaker travel and hotel costs travellers who need it. If you want, we can also help you organize for-pay workshops during your stay in Oslo


#### Formats
* 45 minute talks
* 10 minute lightning talks


#### Language
* English


#### Themes and topics – what do we expect?
* iOS Development
* Android Development
* Windows Phone Development
* Mobile Design (both graphical and UX)
* Internet of Things
* Mobile Web technologies (PWAs, Cordova etc.)
* Cross-platform technologies (Xamarin, React-Native etc.)
* The Business of Mobile


### Why is it cool to be a speaker?

Well, do you know a better way to attend the conference? Here are our top 3 reasons to [submit a proposal](http://bit.ly/mobileera17-cfp).

1. **It is good for your career** – By being a speaker, you are proving your level of expertise to potential business partners or employers.
2. **It is good for the company you are working for** – Any presentation delivered by an employee adds credibility to a company's public image.
3. **Unique networking** – Being a speaker means you'll have unique chance to network with other speakers - the best experts in the industry.

<div class="text-center">
<a href="http://bit.ly/mobileera17-cfp" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>
<br/>

**Please note:** There is no guarantee that a submission will be put onto the conference agenda! The program committee picks the most interesting talk proposals and informs the selected submitters. Final date of submission will be **21st of May**.

Any questions? Email organizers at [contact@mobileera.rocks](mailto:contact@mobileera.rocks)



